release: v0.8.0 (#966)
rero/rero-ils: RELEASE-NOTES.rst

-  Displays an alert to the patron, in the patron profile for pending
   subscription.

Metadata and data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Improves harvesting of ebooks metadata from external commercial
   platform, avoiding to stop the harvesting when it encounters faulty
   data.
-  Displays IdRef as a source in the person detailed view, as IdRef has
   been added to the MEF server
   (`rero/rero-mef@7d8a7467 <https://github.com/rero/rero-mef/commit/7d8a746750c92767672aaef04c8a7d628391bb5e>`__).
-  Displays bibliographic metadata in the fee history only when relevant
   (ie ovedue transaction).
-  Improves document JSON schema according to the
   `guidelines <https://github.com/rero/developer-resources/blob/master/guidelines/json-schemas.md>`__.

Search
~~~~~~

-  Adapts indexer to new possibilities offered by Invenio 3.2, such as
   indexer class, which allows the ``IlsRecordIndexer`` to be
   simplified.

Acquisition
~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Begins to implement serials management with the creation of a manual
   prediction:

   -  Adds an ``holdings_type`` parameter to the holdings to
      differentiate standard records (ie monograph), electronic records
      or serials.

>    -  Updates the holdings JSON schema to:

Author: The problem is that "holdings" stands for "holdings record", as I understand it. The LoC documentation do not use "holding" in the singular form. I still make the error, though. Maybe It should be "the JSON schema of the holdings records".

      -  Configure the holdings record editor, in which the publication
         pattern will be defined.
      -  Encode the publication pattern in the holdings records.

   -  Computes predicted issues preview based on the publication pattern

>       of a given holdings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      of a given holding.
```

   -  Implements a template mechanism to configure how the issue of a
      given pattern is displayed.

API
~~~

-  Improves the permission API and configuration to ensure that some
   resources can only be updated by a system librarian.
-  Allows the organisation record to be updated. This is needed to allow
   system librarians to edit the link from an acquisition account to a
   budget.
-  Adds a route to update the pickup location of an existing request.

Fixtures
~~~~~~~~

-  Regenerates documents and holdings after the changes for the serials
   predictions.

> -  Adds in the fixtures the 10 publication patterns that are most used
>    in actual libraries of the RERO network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Adds in the fixtures the 10 publication patterns that are currently most used
   in the RERO network.
```

Tests
~~~~~

-  Uses ``pipenv run safety check`` instead of ``pipenv check`` to avoid
   a temporary issue with ``pipenv``.
-  Increases test coverage in the location module.
-  Fixes ``pytest-invenio`` static path location. A PR is pending on the
   ``pytest-invenio`` project.
-  Many fixes due to dependencies issues.

Scripts
~~~~~~~

-  Allows the ``setup`` script to succeed even if records don’t have any
   ``responsibilityStatement``.

Instance
~~~~~~~~

-  Updates Invenio framework to version ``3.2.1``!

> -  Upgrades ``https-proxy-agent`` for security reason.

Reviewer 2: for security reasons.

-  Uses ``rero-ils-ui`` version ``v0.1.2``.

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

-  Updates the PR templates to add a section on cross dependencies
   between ``rero-ils`` and ``rero-ils-ui`` projects.

Issues
~~~~~~

-  `#788 <https://github.com/rero/rero-ils/issues/778>`__: The search
   suggestions are displayed only after a click in the input field, even
   after 3 typed characters.
-  `#939 <https://github.com/rero/rero-ils/issues/939>`__: The email
   notification should use the email of the library as sender.
-  `#960 <https://github.com/rero/rero-ils/issues/960>`__: A librarian
   using the web browser Chrome/Chromium wasn’t able to update the
   pickup location of a request.
-  `rero/rero-ils-ui#140 <https://github.com/rero/rero-ils-ui/issues/140>`__:

>    the library facet is missing in the professional interface.

Reviewer 2: is missing -> was missing (?)
